I was an ugly kid. When I was born, instead of slapping my foot, the doctor slapped my face.


I was an ugly kid. When I was born, instead of slapping my foot, the doctor slapped my mom.


In my life I've been through plenty. when I was three years old, my parents got a dog. I was jealous of the dog, so they got rid of me.


What a childhood I had. Once on my birthday my ol' man gave me a bat. The first day I played with it, it flew away.


I told my doctor I broke my arm in two places. He told me to keep out of those places.


When I was a kid, I never went to Disneyland. My ol' man told me Mickey Mouse died in a cancer experiment.


When I was a kid I got no respect. When my parents got divorced there was a custody fight over me... and no one showed up.


When I was a kid I got no respect. When my parents got divorced there was a custody fight over who had to keep me.


I like to date school teachers. If you do something wrong, they make you do it over again.


My old man never liked me. He gave me my allowance in traveler's checks.


I live in a tough neighborhood. They got a children's zoo. Last week, four kids escaped.


A homeless guy came up to me on the street, said he hadn't eaten in four days. I told him, "Man, I wish I had your willpower."


I tell ya, I grew up in a tough neighborhood. The other night a guy pulled a knife on me. I could see it wasn't a real professional job. There was butter on it.


I was an ugly kid. I worked in a pet store. People kept asking how big I get.


I tell ya, my wife's a lousy cook. After dinner, I don't brush my teeth. I count them.


What a childhood I had. My mother never breast-fed me. She said she liked me as a friend.


I tell ya, my family were always big drinkers. When I was a kid, I was missing. They put my picture on a bottle of Scotch.


I tell ya, my wife likes to talk during sex. Last night, she called me from a motel.


I think vests are all about protection. You know what I mean? Like a life vest protects you from drowning and bulletproof vests protect you from getting shot and the sweater vest protects you from pretty girls. ‘Leave me alone. Can't you see I'm cold just right here?’”


When you’re having sex with somebody, you can say “yes”, you can say “yeah”, you can say “uh-huh.” But for some reason you can’t say “yep”. Yep, oh, yep, baby. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep indeed!


I'm in a weird situation 'cause I like rainbows, but I'm not gay. So I wear a rainbow on my shirt, but then under it I gotta put 'Not Gay.' But I'm not against gay people, so then under that I gotta put 'But Supportive.' I just think it's weird that one group took refracted light. That's pretty greedy, gays.


I think it’s weird when you give someone flowers… Really saying here you go, now watch these die, cause I like you. I feel like you should give someone flowers if you want to threaten them, here you’re next. Better put your feet in water 'cause I’m coming for you.


I think a treehouse is really insensitive. That's like killing something and then making one of its friends hold it.


“I heard this lady say “I love kids.” That’s nice, a little weird though. It’s like saying “I like people, for a little while.” “How old are you? 14? Fuck off!” You can say “I love kids” as a general statement, that’s fine. It’s when you get specific that you get into trouble. “I love twelve-year-olds.”


I don’t know what the long form of OK is. I wanna think it’s okie dokie. ‘I’m okie dokie. I’m a little shaken up, but I’m okie dokie.’ ‘The good news is, she’s okie dokie. The surgery went fine.’


I think they named oranges before they named carrots. 'What are these?' 'Those are orange: oranges.' 'What about these?' 'Oh, shit. Long pointies? We'll go by shape now?'


When they were naming vitamins they must have thought there were going to be way more vitamins than there ended up being. OK let's name these: Vitamin A, Vitamin B... Ok, man, slow down, we've got a lot to cover here. B2, B3, B4, B5, B6, B12. Then they got to E and they were like 'We're pretty much done. We've got all those damn B's. This is embarrassing. Let's just skip to K and get the hell out of here.


If someone asks you if you're ticklish, it doesn't matter if you say yes or no. They want to touch you. If someone asks you if you're ticklish and you do not want to be touched, say something like 'I have diarrhea. And yes, I am very ticklish.'


When someone describes themselves as a taxpayer, they’re about to be an asshole.


Every pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard and believe in yourself.


Clothing sizes are weird, they go: small, medium, large and then extra large, extra extra large, extra extra extra large. Something happened at large, they just gave up. They were like, 'I'm not doing any more adjectives; you just keep putting extras on there.' We could do better than that: small, medium, large, whoa, easy, slow down, stop it, interesting, American.


I was eating some pizza and I burnt the roof of my mouth. Then I thought, “wait a minute, this is the ceiling of my mouth.”


A dreamcatcher works, if your dream is to be gay.


I saw a guy at a party wearing a leather jacket and I thought, ‘"That is cool".’ But then I saw another guy wearing a leather vest and I thought, "‘That is not cool"’. Then I figured it out: ‘Cool’ is all about leather sleeves.”


One of my favorite clothing patterns is camouflage. Because when you're in the woods it makes you blend in. But when you're not it does just the opposite. It's like "hey, there's an asshole."


I was in a card store and they had cards that said 'Get Well Soon.' Fuck that - get well now.


Graffiti. I don’t like graffiti, unless it teaches me something, you know? Like “Oh, that’s how Alex feels about Maria. I wouldn’t have known if I had not walked by there, thank you.” Graffiti’s the most passionate literature there is, you know? It’s always like “Bush sucks!”, “U2 Rocks!”. I want to make indifferent graffiti. “Toy Story 2 was okay!” “I like Sheryl as a friend, but I’m not sure about taking things further”, “This is a bridge!”, “That guy’s right!”


I went into a clothes store and a lady came up to me and said "if you need anything, I'm Jill". I've never met anyone with a conditional identity before.


I don’t know why great abs are considered attractive. I know they are, but biologically, I don’t know what we’re trying to convey. You see a guy with great abs, you think, ‘wow! That guy could shit really fast.’ I bet women love that.


Automatic paper towel dispensers are a solution to something that was never a problem in the first place.


Surprise parties are strange 'cause people jump up and they yell the word, 'surprise' at the party. I came home and you emerged from my furniture. You don't have to tell me how to feel. I don't need a hint.


The straw is a great invention. You can drink without using your wrists. The straw is your friend until you lose eye contact with the straw. Then he will betray you and make you look like an idiot. I have to pull the straw aside and be like “What the hell do you think you’re doing? The last time I checked, you were right by my mouth. What are you doing on the other side of the glass? I don’t need you; you’re a luxury."


I learned this summer that peeing in the pool and peeing INTO the pool are very different things. Location, Location, Location.


I went snorkeling on vacation aka surprise drinking a lot of water through a big straw.


I am a man of my word… and that word is "unreliable."


My friend Steve likes cats. People are always saying “Oh, Steve’s really a cat person”. No he’s not. If Steve were a cat person it’d be, like, “Hey, Steve never goes in the pool”.


When I first heard the term 'training bra,' I was freaked out. I was pretty young and I said, 'Did you just say training bra? They're training their chests? I had no idea.' See some lady, her boobs are everywhere. 'What's her deal?' Those are untrained titties.


The "earth" without "art" is just "eh."


Earrings are the same as sneezes: Two is okay, but ten in a row is annoying. If you have two then, God bless you.


I wish they would just call the news: What's Wrong. 'Hi, it's six o'clock, here's What's Wrong. Now for the local news, here's the worst shit that happened the closest to you.'


When a Dalmatian sees a cow he must be like, 'What the hell happened to him? I am high right now. That dalmatian is fat and smeary.' When the cow sees the Dalmatian he must be like, 'He looks amazing. I am so out of shape, this is ridiculous. My tits are on the ground here.'


I saw a sign that said, ‘Watch for children.’ I was like, ‘That sounds like a fair trade - especially if they’re crappy kids.’


I like rock, paper, scissors - two-thirds. Rock breaks scissors: these scissors are bent, they're destroyed, I can't cut stuff - I lose. Scissor cuts paper: this is strips, this is not even paper, this can take me forever to put this back together - you got me. Paper covers rock: rock is fine, no structural damage to rock. Rock can break through paper at any point, just say the word. Paper sucks. It should be rock, dynamite with a cuttable wick, scissors.


Checkers taught me that a King is a man with another man on top of him. But life taught me that that's actually called a Queen.


I saw a door one time that said “Exit Only.” So I entered it, and I went up to the guy working there and said, “I have some good news. You have severely underestimated this door here. By like 100%, man.”


When I was in high school I experimented sexually. The experiment was to never have sex with anybody no matter how hard I tried. Success! Hypothesis confirmed.


I was having lunch with my friend. I said, 'Hey, what's your middle name.' He said, 'I have two middle names.' I said, 'Then you have no middle names. You have a space.'


I used to eat there all the time, but not so much anymore, not since the time I went to use their bathroom, and I saw a sign that said 'Employees Must Wash Hands, Especially Carl.'


How fast does a zebra have to run before it looks grey?


Cinnamon buns, now - those are something I'd want to buy and have as a nickname. "Excuse me, are you cinnamon buns?" "You bet your sweet ass I am."


I like parties, but I don't like pinatas because the pinata promotes violence against flamboyant animals. Hey, there's a donkey with some pizzazz. Let's kick its ass. What I'm trying to say is, don't make the same Halloween costume mistake that I did.


I feel like my washing machine is sneaky because I put clothes in there and detergent and start it up. I hear all this noise as it’s turning around, then I open the lid to see what was going on and it’s like... "What man? We’re just hanging out in here. There’s nothing happening? Don’t worry about it. I’m a washing machine, not a show you how I do it machine."


I go to the gym and I try to run on the treadmill and I listen to music but it doesn't motivate me enough. So I'm going to get a recording of a pack of wolves gaining on me. People would be like, 'Why is that guy crying on that treadmill over there?' 'I don't know, but he's been yelling, 'help' for like 20 minutes. He's getting a good workout.'


Hiking is just walking where it’s okay to pee. Sometimes old people hike by mistake.


I remember when I used to be really into nostalgia.


People and squirrels are very different. Most people will not argue that. But I find that there is one situation in which they're very similar. And that is: when I am driving towards them in my car. Then they're kind of hard to tell apart - especially if the human is kind of hairy.


I’ve met a few people who were passive-aggressive, but I’ve never met anyone who was aggressive-passive. "I don’t want tacos! Maybe."


If I ever saw bat shit, I’d be like, ‘that’s crazy.’ That's some crazy excrement right there. That looks like my ex-girlfriend's personality.


I like to use 'I Can't Believe it's Not Butter' on my toast in the morning, because sometimes when I eat breakfast, I like to be incredulous. How was breakfast? Unbelievable.


A sports bar is a way to take a bar and fill it with even more annoying people than usual.


"Finger Puppet" sounds OK as a noun.


My friend had a burrito. The next day he said, "That burrito did not agree with me." I was like, "was the disagreement over whether or not you'd have diarrhea? Let me guess who won." "I tried to reason with it, I insisted, you know. I was like, "I wanna go outside, I like these pants, but the burrito had his way."


So I was eating this cereal, and I had all these questions and comments. Luckily there was a number on the box. So I called, and said, ‘I have a question: Is this cereal as delicious as I think it is?' And I have a comment: 'yes'.


I find that at most theme parks, the theme is ‘Wait in Line, Fatty.’


I don’t like thank you cards because I don’t know what else to say. What do I put on the inside? "See Front."


A quick way to start a conversation is to say something like "What's your favorite color?" A quick way to end a conversation is to say something like "What's your favorite color... person?"


You can say ‘Thanks,’ and you can say ‘Thanks a Million’ - but any number in between?..


Halloween’s my favorite holiday because you don’t have to spend it with your family.


Every fight is a food fight when you're a cannibal.


I like people watching… Mostly this one woman.


I think it's weird that one group took refracted light. Pretty greedy, gays.


There’s so many board games with so many different titles, but I feel like they could all have the same title: ‘Which One Of My Friends Is A Competitive Prick?’


An ex-girlfriend is the same as an okay movie. I liked it at the time, but I don’t really want to see it again. Especially if the movie was kind of… a bitch.


I think hair gel was invented to make it easier to identify assholes from a distance.


I went whale watching once. It was very similar to watching people on a boat become disappointed.


An easy way to sound like a creep is to add the word ‘ladies’ to the end of things you say. It can be harmless too, but it just makes you a creep. ‘Yeah after college I spent two years in the peace corps, ladies?’ The more harmless it is, the more of a creep you become. ‘I broke my arm. I need help, ladies?’


I wish I lived next to Carnegie Hall. Then, if someone asked me how to get to my house, I would just say ‘Practice, practice, practice, and then take a left.’


Why are there no positive mysteries? It’s always "who stole the diamond", or "who killed the butler"? How about... "who made cookies", "somebody cleaned my room".


I bought a dictionary, and the first thing I did was look up “dictionary”… it said "you’re an asshole."


Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies.


I hate when I go in for a handshake, I’m coming in traditional, I’m showing you my hand and the person comes back at me with like the fist thing and then I got to scramble, like upgrade, oh so we’re doing the fist. Okay like cause yours is new I go to do your thing. So I don’t do it, I just go like, paper covers rock bitch.


Sometimes It feels like the world is just being mean, like when it’s windy out. I’ll just be walking down the street and it’s like the world saying to me "Hey, you like air? Yeah? Yeah? You need that to breathe? Here’s some fucking air right in your face, there you go. Breathe up, stupid."


I feel stupid when I write the word banana. It's like, how many na's are on this thing? 'Cause I'm like "Bana... keep going. Bananana... damn."


There's a saying that goes, 'People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.' OK. How about, 'Nobody should throw stones'? That's crappy behavior. My policy is, 'No stone throwing regardless of housing situation.'


If you’re a battery, you’re either working or you’re dead… it’s a shit life.


I like birthdays because we celebrate life with cakes. It's so cool. Sometimes when I see a baby, I'm like that much more cake in the world. But then when someone dies, I'm like the cake streak is over...


At any minute, I am four minutes from a poncho.


Easy way to make someone sound less powerful, just put DJ in front of their name... DJ Abraham Lincoln.


My friend has hand soap that smells like coconut. It's nice, unless your hands are dirty from coconuts. Then it's the worst soap possible.


Saying, 'I'm sorry' is the same as saying, ' I apologize.' Except at a funeral.


Some of them relate to farts but they are not fart jokes. They would just be a fart in the joke but it’s about something else…


When people show me pictures of their kids, it's okay. But when I give them a picture of me, to show to their kids, I'm weird. What kind of one way street is that?


You always hear about the guy who was raised by wolves. You never hear about the guy who was raised by the guy who was raised by wolves. The problem is, you have a non-wolf imparting wolf teachings.


Sometimes if a woman has a really nice butt she'll wear tight pants. And then everyone looks at her butt when she walks by. That's nice, but it seems like a waste. Everybody's looking there, I feel like we should put important information on the butt. We should put the photos of missing children right on there.


I was in a shoe store and the guys call me boss, and I said, "Ya, can I just get those sneakers in a 10?" And uh, he said, "Okay" and then he went down stairs. He came back and he said, "I don't have a 10, I have a 9." "Oh great, because while you were downstairs, my toes were severed, so that works out. Normally it would be stupid for you to tell me a number different than the one I said, 'cause it goes with my body part. But given my very recent accident, you're right on. I'll take the 9's and a pile of band-aids, thank you. You're rehired 'cause you're a genius.


If you want to make a mythical creature, just take a regular animal and add wings to it. A horse becomes a pegasus, a lion becomes a griffin, and a hawk... becomes a double hawk.


If you have a pear shaped body, you should not wear pear colored clothes, or act juicy.


Do you have any Greek in you? That was just a tactful way of asking if you’re pregnant. If you’re not, then let’s break up.


Whenever I investigate a smell, I find that the answer is always bad. It's never: "What is that? Muffins!"


I've seen a lot of proud sponsors of things; I'd like to see a reluctant sponsor. 'Subaru - reluctant sponsor of the WNBA.'


I hadn’t been to the beach since the summer the synchronized swimming team drowned. It was tragic yet beautiful. Apparently the lead got a cramp and they were pretty hardcore.


Separate but equal is terrible for education but it's perfect for eyebrows.


When they were naming the animals, somebody got lazy: anteater? What's it doing? It's eating ants. Done!


A drunk driver is very dangerous. So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive. "Dude, make a left." "Those are trees. Trust me."


I think statues are great; they show what great people would look like if a bird shit all over them.


Because the unexamined life is not worth living, man.


I think the best thing about being dumb is that it makes magic a lot better. Where the hell did that rat come from? I dunno, but I’m calling the cops because he just cut that lady in half.


I went to law school. I found it interesting for the first three weeks.


Whenever I'm on my computer, I don't type 'lol'. I type 'lqtm' - laugh quietly to myself. It's more honest.


They should call fishing what it really is... tricking and killing!


Cakes are the only food we write on. It’s always so encouraging like “Happy Birthday Leo,” “Congratulations Eric.” I feel like we’re missing an opportunity. I’m talking about negative cakes - “Surprise, You’re Adopted.” Cause that’s when you want cake.


I wanna see a snake eat spaghetti.


I've heard of many chocoholics, but I ain't never seen no "chocohol". We got an epidemic, people: people who like chocolate but don't understand word endings. They're probably "over-workaholled".


When I trip, I feel like that’s the world saying "come here for a second." It just pulls me closer for a second, "yeah what do you want?" "I just want to remind you that you’re uncoordinated." "I’m aware of that, thank you... can I go now?" "Yeah, you can go, but never ever try to outrun me." "Ok, world, see you later." "Yeah, I’ll see you in about 50 years."


I can move objects with my mind if I use my hands.


I’m afraid of sharks - but only in a water situation.


Game, set, match equals tennis. Set, match, run equals arson.


I like when good things happen to me, but I wait two weeks to tell anyone because I like to use the word 'fortnight.'


My favorite fruit is grapes. Because with grapes, you always get another chance. 'Cause, you know, if you have a crappy apple or a peach, you're stuck with that crappy piece of fruit. But if you have a crappy grape, no problem - just move on to the next. 'Grapes: The Fruit of Hope.'


Be nice to me I used to be a baby.


It’s hard to know what’s gay in life. Boxing. That’s two men fighting over a belt.


What's this about rice milk? I didn't even know rice had nipples!


I was staying at a hotel and I asked for a wake up call… the next morning the phone rang and someone said “What are you doing with your life?” I’m up!


I like to stand near ATM machines, and when somebody types in their pin number, I go, 'Got it!' And then I run away.


I was on the train the other day, and I heard somebody say, "I'm really good at checkers". That's the same thing as saying, "I'm not good at very many things."


I was eating some candy and looked on the wrapper, and it said "made from natural and artificial flavors." You could just say "flavors."


The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.


I think bears and worms aren’t very similar… until you think of gummy.


I got these new pajama bottoms and they have pockets. Which is great, because I was getting really tired of holding things while I slept.


One time I saw two geese fighting and I thought, this is a pillow fight, ahead of time.


Swimming is a confusing sport, because sometimes you do it for fun, and other times you do it to not die. And when I'm swimming, sometimes I'm not sure which one it is.


Some authors write in first person and others write in third person. But I'm writing my book in fifth person, so every sentence starts out with: 'I heard from this guy who told somebody....'


A power nap is when you sleep on someone who's weaker than you.


It was my friend's birthday and I was mad at him, so I sent him a card. It said happy birthday, but I put quotes around the word "'Happy"... sarcastic birthday, douchebag.


A lot of people like lollipops. I don't like lollipops. To me, a lollipop is hard candy plus garbage. I don't need a handle. Just give me the candy.


Now I have a time machine at home. It only goes forward at regular speed. It's essentially a cardboard box and on the outside I wrote time machine in sharpie.


"I" equals all of the "ifs" added up over time. The "ifs," those are the possibilities; that’s infinite for all of us. Every day there are just millions of them. Time, that’s finite for each of us; there is no question there. Maybe if you divide "choices" by the amount of time you have, the real "I" can emerge, depending upon those choices.


Wind chimes are also earthquake chimes.


The comedians I liked were Bill Cosby and Steven Wright, like just always as a comedic actor. I always liked Gary Larson, who's really funny for a cartoonist, obviously.


I like to go to concerts because I love to see my favourite band through the phone of the asshole who’s standing in front of me.


Laborers want their kids to be merchants or business people. Business people want their kids to be professionals. Professionals want their kids to be academics, professors. Academics want their kids to be artists. And artists don’t care if their kids are laborers or not. They can be anything.


A refrigerator is the opposite of a drug addict, because a refrigerator starts in a box and then moves to a house.


I don't like pinatas because the pinata promotes violence against flamboyant animals.


There are two kinds of jackets - reversible, and reversible but it’s hard to zipper up and it looks really stupid.


Skiing is my favorite sport, because that's the only sport that is actually better to watch the worst the person is at it. "That guy won a gold medal in the Olympics." "Oh yeah, that's cool, I wanna watch the fat guy." "Come on dude, you can take that hill."


I think it's cool when an ex-girlfriend becomes an XL girlfriend.


4 in every 8 math teachers think that they should be 1 in every 2 math teachers.


I wonder if it’s rude for a deaf person to talk with food in their hands.


For example, I was a White House intern the summer before I dropped out of law school. Everybody knew about it. I'd come home and go to church and everybody would say, 'Oh, my God. Demetri, you're working at the White House.'


I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.


A Wednesday with no rain is a dry hump day.


There’s a very fine line between giving someone the Heimlich maneuver and dry-humping a stranger.


I don't usually fly in first class, but I fart in first class.


Statistics indicate that the average American is a guy named Brian who lives in Ohio.


At the battle of the bands the loser's always the audience.


I've learned something on the road, traveling around: state shapes. The easier it is to draw the shape of the state, the harder it is to live in that state. So, if you live in a regular polygon, get the hell outta there. You gotta move to a squiggly area. Culture's attracted to squiggles.


I went into this salon in New York and I said “can I get a trim?” But it must have come out “gay Beatle please."


My friend asked me if I ever swam with dolphins. I was like, ‘Yeah, of course. What distance are we talking about from the dolphins? Because the last time I was in the ocean, I’m pretty sure I swam with most of them.’


A lot of people don't like bumper stickers. I don't mind bumper stickers. To me a bumper sticker is a shortcut. It's like a little sign that says 'Hey, let's never hang out.'


My friend’s really into similes. He uses a lot of similes. He’s like annoying.


I think one of the most groundbreaking inventions of all time is the jackhammer.


Cottonballs are an example of something I’d want to buy, but not have as a nickname.


The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.


Villains fear me because I am unpredictable and broccoli. See what I mean?


I went into a deli and got an egg sandwich and a hot chocolate. And then I went outside and I had to get a cab, so I had to put up one of my hands. But I already started eating my sandwich; I took it out of the bag, I was impatient. So my choice was hold up an egg sandwich or hold up a hot chocolate to get a car. So I chose the hot chocolate. And I put it up there and no cab stopped and I realized it was because I looked like I was toasting traffic. Standing on the street, ‘Here’s to you guys, to everybody heading west, I just wanna say I like what you do… but one of you needs to stop, pick me up.’


If I have to move up in a building, I choose the elevator over the escalator. Because one time I was riding the escalator and I tripped. I fell down the stairs for an hour and a half.


A squirrel is the same as a can, when there’s a bb gun in my hand. Can’t you see that I am just a man? With distinctions… and comparisons.


A Rubik’s cube is equal to a drag queen. It’s really colorful, but I don’t wanna do it.


Hey baby, are you being followed?.. Because I’ve been seeing people behind your back.


If I live below a tap dancer I would just put really powerful magnets on the ceiling. We're not tapping shit now, are we? More of a tap stander.


I want to make a revolving door that says 'Pull' on it, just see how obedient people are.


I didn't do improv in college, I never performed, I didn't do theater either. I was in student government, I was a history major.


I keep a lighter in my back pocket all the time. I'm not a smoker, I just really like certain songs.


I like fruit baskets because it gives you the ability to mail someone a piece of fruit without appearing insane. Like, if someone just mailed you an apple you'd be like, 'huh? What the hell is this?' But if it's in a fruit basket you're like, 'this is nice!'


Timing is everything. That’s a cliche. Now. If I’d said that a long time ago, I’d have been original.


A musical is the same as a burlap sack, I would not want to be in either.


I'm excited to be here. I almost didn't do this show, because I have certain requests in order to do a benefit show. And I said, "I'll do the show, but I need giant gay icicles behind me or I can't do it. I work with giant gay icicles or you can forget it." It worked out, it's cool, so they make me look cool and a little less gay than the icicles themselves.


If you remove a treehouse from a tree, then it's just a shitty house. Sometimes when I'm in a shitty house, I like to imagine that it's in a tree, then it's like "Woah, this house is amazing."


I'm a bodybuilder, but I don't use weights. I use snacks. It's kind of a different building process.


Tic Tacs are the maracas of breath mints.


We started to see less and less of each other. And that’s when I knew it was quicksand.


The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you're signing somebody's cast. "You're a dick! You deserved this! Also I'm sorry I broke your leg."


My mind says one thing, but my body says another. Thanks a lot, Indian food and beer.


A cool tattoo design is any drawing that would also look good saggy.


Most stick people are black.


I never went bungee jumping. The closest I did was I was born.


Some jokes are short and elegant, like a mathematical proof or a midget in a ball-gown.


When I look up at the clouds I see so many animals, mostly sheep who have lost their limbs and heads.


The clothes make the man. The children working in sweatshops make the clothes. Therefore, the children working in sweatshops make the man.


Don't talk to strangers. Sure, unless you want to meet anyone ever.


If I had a bookstore I would make all the mystery novels hard to find.


You know what's the greatest part of anything ever in the history of everything? Exaggeration. No, wait; it's correcting yourself. No, better yet, it's making lists.


If I ever saw an amputee getting hanged, I'd probably just start calling out letters.


Brought to you by raising your voice. The next best thing to being right.


Hot Potato is a very different game when the people playing are starving.


I wanna buy a bunch of hermit crabs and make them live together.


Are your feet tired? Because you’ve been stomping on my dreams for a while now. Let’s break up.


A pipe is greater than a bong. Because when you’re smoking a pipe at least it makes you look like you’re thinking about something.


I'm so secretive that when someone asks me, "Hey, can you keep a secret?" I say "That's none of your business."


Popcorn is one of the only situations in which you eat the result of an explosion.


Last week I lost my temper in my karate class. Man, I’m not doing that again until I’m a black belt. Because I can tell you there’s a difference between taking karate and receiving karate.


I care about politics, but I have a tough time making comedy out of it. I was so happy to have a chance to be on The Daily Show, and I think Jon Stewart’s so funny… but mostly in my own comedy, I care about less relevant things.


Siamese twins are interesting because they are the only people who can write a biography and an autobiography at the same time.


Is it hot in here, or are you just suffocating me in this relationship?


I wish my name started with a comma. That would be so dramatic.


Sometimes heckling can almost help a set, because it ratchets up the tension in the room… can even bring things to a climax.


I lost my fog machine 'cause I left it running for too long. I don't know how fog got associated with partying. 'This weather is way too dangerous to drive in. You guys want to dance?'


I wanna put stickers on turtles... I don’t know why.


I was walking in the park and this guy waved at me. Then he said, 'I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else.' I said, 'I am.'


I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says 'go outside.'


You never get a second chance at a first impression.


I want to launch a globe into space just to mess with the astronauts.


Man is the most powerful creature on the planet. And we’re arrogant. I mean, people own birds. It’s like, there’s a creature with the gift of flight. I want it. I’m going to put it in my kitchen and make it crap on old information.


Cut me off, I’ll curtsy on your ass.


Suicide is the number one killer of a person who is in a boat and happens to be passing under a bridge at the wrong time.


Are your feet tired?.. Because you’ve been stomping on my dreams for a few years now.


You need an audience to help you figure out what’s working and what’s worth putting on your album or your special - or even just what’s worth touring with.


One of my friends has a stutter and a lot of people think that's a bad thing, but to me that's just like starting certain words with a drum roll. That's not an impediment, that's suspense! What's he going to say? Car?... or Carnival?... Carburetor? Man...


I wonder what the word for dots looks like in Braille.


I saw a transvestite wearing a T-shirt that said 'Guess'.


The bird, the bee, the running child are all the same to the sliding glass door.


Whenever I throw caution to the wind I make sure I’m facing the right way so that it doesn’t blow back and hit me in my face.


Your mind is like a sponge, in the sense that it would come in handy when cleaning off a countertop or something like that.


It would be interesting if Elvis were reincarnated as an Elvis impersonator.


I was driving down the highway and I saw a sign that said: Live Nude Girls. And I was thinking, you probably don't need the 'live.' I wasn't even thinking about the girls' mortality until you brought it up.


I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'


My plumbing is all screwed up. Because it turns out, I do not own a garbage disposal.


I wonder how they deal with mice at Disney World.


Reality is a concept that depends largely upon where you point your face.


I am a mystery wrapped in an enigma wrapped in a pita.


I live in New York and there are a lot of famous  pizzerias in my neighborhood, it's really hard to find one that isn't famous. Which sucks sometimes, you know what I mean, sometimes I don't want all that glitz and glamour, I just want something delicious, you know? I don't need a celebrity in my mouth, "Ray's Up And Coming Pizza" would be fine.


How to be a bouncer: be an asshole; stand near a door.


I want to commit a crime during a reenactment, and turn it into an enactment.


Words have power, you dumb piece of shit.


There's a store in my neighborhood called Futon World. I like that name, 'Futon World.' Makes me think of a magical place that gets less and less comfortable over time.


To make a squirrel look less uptight, put tiny sunglasses on it.


The sofa is the enemy of productivity.


I think cats would have an even worse attitude if they found out how stupid their names were.


Halloween: the day each year when strangers give you even more specific reasons to dislike them based on what they are wearing.


If you're skiing in a gorilla suit and you fall, you just see a gorilla who has no emotion. It's just a stoic gorilla, wildly falling down a hill, out of control.


Coffee is like a bra. 3 cups is one too many.


A jerk on a motorcycle is equal to a leaf, because I find it beautiful when these things fall.


I think the best thing to keep in a safe is a note that says “Nice try, asshole."


The chances of someone who looks like Jesus having pot raises steadily, to a point. If the guy is on a cross you may have the wrong guy.


Here is a tip for all you young people drinking wine. With pasta, drink white wine. With steak, drink red wine. And if you're vegan, you're annoying.


It's very easy to turn a toy into an adult toy - location, location, location.


One thing I learned is that it's never OK to walk through a cemetery dressed as a mummy - even if that was a shortcut on the way to the costume party.


I think they should put pies on the fronts of trains, so that when they hit something it's at least a little bit funny.


Per capita - just about everyone has no idea what a ‘capita’ is.


I think a bad place for a fire would be the factory where they make those trick candles.


I like the beach. I like to get there really early before everyone else shows up and take like thirty bottles with notes in them and throw them into the water. Then I wait for everyone to come to the beach and when someone goes to pick up one of the bottles, I go up behind them because when they open it there’s a note saying ‘I’m standing right behind you.’


I was making pancakes the other day and a fly flew into the kitchen. And that's when I realized that a spatula is a lot like a fly swatter. And a crushed fly is a lot like a blueberry. And a roommate is a lot like a fly eater.


I wonder what the most intelligent thing ever said was that started with the word 'dude.' 'Dude, these are isotopes.' 'Dude, we removed your kidney. You're gonna be fine.' 'Dude, I am so stoked to win this Nobel Prize. I just wanna thank Kevin, and Turtle, and all my homies.'


Knights would have probably liked refrigerator magnets.


When I am given a multiple choice test I choose not to take it.


I think the most annoying language is a tie between all the ones I don't know how to speak.


You can make a very heavy and kind of dangerous 3-way shot glass out of a bowling ball.


Sometimes I like to go outside without even checking the weather first.


I think it would be worse to get mauled by a dancing bear than just a regular bear because you can't totally blame the dancing bear.


Love is, and I hope it never isn’t.


I have never been in a bad mood and near a beach ball at the same time. Causation? Correlation? Or fate?


I just found something in my hair. That’s never a good thing. It’s never gonna be, like, a treat.


Do you believe in love at first sight? How about misery in 3 years?


If I were blind, I’d wear a blindfold all the time.


I was stuck in traffic and I looked in the mirror and in the car behind me there was a couple having a horrible argument, and right below their image it said "Objects In Mirror Are Closer Than They Appear". I just thought, man I hope so because she was pretty mad.


I like staying in hotels because you can leave a message for somebody and you don't even need to know their name, just, like, a room number. 'Hey, can I get a pen? I just want to leave a message. My friend's in 710. Yeah, thanks.' 'Leprechaun's gonna fuck you up at midnight.' 'Honey, what is this? Did you anger a small Irish man?'


Man versus woman equals fun. Man versus man equals gay. Woman versus woman equals awesome. Man versus pillow equals crazy. Pillow versus pillow equals crazy awesome - that's a real pillow fight right there. You see two pillows fighting, you know something's going down. They're designed for relaxation. If they're fighting, what hope do we have? One time I saw two geese fighting, and I was like, 'This is a pillow fight ahead of time.'


I bought a clock, but the big hand broke off of it… so I just added "ish" to every number.


A mobile home with a flat tire is a home.


I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.


They say it's lonely at the top. It must be even lonelier at the tippy top.


Overheard today in a restaurant: "Can you stop listening to our conversation?"


I wear dark sunglasses when I want my head to look more like a limousine.


The only time incorrectly isn’t spelled incorrectly is when it’s spelled incorrectly.


Escalators don’t break down… they just turn into stairs


Sleep is my drug. My bed is my dealer, and my alarm clock is the police.


“I’m sorry” and “I apologize” mean the same thing… except when you’re at a funeral.


I intend to live forever… or die trying. 4. We never knew he was a drunk… until he showed up to work sober.


A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 6. A blind man walks into a bar….And a table, and a chair.


At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he’s adopted?


Want to hear a pizza joke…. nah, it’s too cheesy. What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I’m still working on that one. Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it’s too lame.


I used to be in a band, we were called ‘lost dog’. You probably saw our posters.


I childproofed the house… but they still get in!


When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.


99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.


Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.


The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list.


I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.


The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.


Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.


Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.


Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?


My mind’s made up, don’t confuse me with facts.


Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.


Take my advice — I'm not using it.


I got lost in thoughts. It was unfamiliar territory.


Sure, I'd love to help you out ... now, which way did you come in?


I would like to slip into something more comfortable - like a coma.


I started with nothing, and I still have most of it.


Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?


There is no dance without the dancers.


Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.


The problem with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back.


If you are here - who is running hell?


If nothing was learned, nothing was taught.


Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes...


The dogs bark but the caravan moves on.


Which one of these is the non-smoking lifeboat?


Treat each day as your last; one day you will be right.


Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you.


The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.


Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?


The problem with sex in the movies is, that the popcorn usually spills.


If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.


Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.


Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how popular it remains?


All power corrupts. Absolute power is pretty neat, though.


Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.


Everybody repeat after me: "We are all individuals."


Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.


A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.


I want patience - AND I WANT IT NOW!!!!


A day for firm decisions! Or is it?


Am I ambivalent? Well, yes and no.


Bombs don't kill people, explosions kill people.


Bureaucrats cut red tape, lengthwise.


Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!


How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!


A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff.


Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.


Welcome to Utah: set your watch back 20 years.


Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.


Under my gruff exterior lies an even gruffer interior.


Jesus loves you, it's everybody else that thinks you're an a...


A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.


To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.


I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.


You have the capacity to learn from your mistakes, and you will learn a lot today.


Failure is not an option. It's bundled with your software.


I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.


I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.


When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.


If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, wait for someone to open it and yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA".


Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about learning to dance in the rain!


My conscience is clean — I have never used it.


I’m reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is about to happen… I can feel it.


I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I’ve been tripping all day.


Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.


Did you hear about the two silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!


Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot.


The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.


My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. I found out she was seeing someone on the side.


I recently heard about a mannequin that lost all of his friends. He was too clothes minded.


Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay. He woke up.


My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, “No, wait! I can change.”


Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!


What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milkshake!


Where do cows go for entertainment? To the moo-vies!


How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!


What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!


What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!


Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!


Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!


What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!


Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!


What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!


Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.


What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.


What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!


What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!


A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a train load of terrapins. What a turtle disaster!


I backed a horse last week at 10 to one. It came in at quarter past four.


I went down to my local supermarket and I said: "I want to make a complaint. This vinegar's got lumps in it". He said: "Those are pickled onions."


A man entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in 10 different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in 10 did.


I was having dinner with a world chess champion and there was a check tablecloth. It took them two hours to pass the salt.


Four fonts walk into a bar. The barman says: "Oi - get out. We don't want your type in here."


I'm in a great mood tonight because the other day I entered a competition and I won a year's supply of Marmite - one jar.


I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said: "Are you two an item?"


I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.


I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up and said: "Did you get my drift?"


A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."


A jumplead walks into a bar. The barman says: "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."


I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up for a date but she'd popped her clogs.


I went to buy camouflage trousers but I couldn't find any.


Went to the doctors and said: "Have you got anything for wind?" He gave me a kite.


A man walks into a bar with a roll of Tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road."


I'm on a whisky diet. I've lost three days already.


"Doc, I can't stop singing The Green, Green Grass Of Home." He said: "That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome." "Is it common?" I asked. "It's not unusual," he replied.


Two aerials meet on a roof, fall in love and get married. The reception was brilliant.


Police arrested two kids yesterday. One was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one - and let the other one off.


Went to the zoo. There was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.


A skeleton walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What’ll you have?" The skeleton says, "Gimme a beer and a mop."


A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says, “Hey, we have a drink named after you.” The grasshopper says, “Really? In that case, give me a Kyle!”


I went to the doctors the other day and he said: "Go to Plymouth, it's great for flu." So I went - and I got it.


Went to the corner shop - bought four corners.


I met this gangster who pulls up the back of people's pants. It was Wedgie Kray.


I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything - trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.


My next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a Catholic converter.


I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags. He's bisatchel.


Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly. But when they lit a fire in the craft, it sank, proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it.


About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went downhill fast.


Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now.


A man just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy.


Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I’m excited to see how they turn out.


My colleague can no longer attend next week's Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.


I’m a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable.


“I realised I was dyslexic when I went to a toga party dressed as a goat.”


"A baby seal walks into a club."


"A dyslexic man walks into a bra."


"There are three types of people, those who can count and those who can't."


"The flat-earth society has members all around the globe."


"Jokes about communism have no class."


"An escalator cannot break, it can only become stairs."


"If airline seat cushions are such great flotation devices, why don't you see anyone take one with them at the beach?"


"What Iran needs now is a more modern leader—a mullah lite."


"I have an L-shaped sofa... Lowercase."


"Crime in multi-story car parks is wrong on so many different levels."


"The first few weeks of Weight Watchers, you’re just finding your feet."


"Say what you want about the deaf…"


"I went up to the airport information desk and said ‘How many airports are there in the world?'"


One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.


Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?


Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.


Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them? Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot at them? I've always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific


One out of every three Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of two of your best friends. If they are OK, then it must be you.


If the "black box" flight recorder is never damaged during a plane crash, why isn't the whole damn airplane made out of that shit?


I'm not into working out. My philosophy is no pain, no pain.


In America anyone can become President. That's the problem.


They're like ''You're an alcoholic.'' I go ''No, I'm not.'' And then apparently that's what alcoholics say too, you know?


Hello, my name is Zach Galifianakis, and I hope I'm pronouncing that right.


If you love Barry Manilow, you're gonna love the Insane Clown Posse. Love 'em. They're exactly... well, they're not EXACTLY alike, but they're a little bit alike...


I failed kindergarten because I couldn't spell my last name.


When I was a kid, I had dyslexia. And I would write about it in my dairy.


When you look like I do, it's hard to get a table for one at Chuck E Cheese.


Whenever I'm with a woman I whisper softly into her ear, "Will you touch my vagina...?" and she's like, "What!?" and I'm like, "That's what you're supposed to say."


At what age do you think it's appropriate to tell a highway it's adopted?


I think those neighborhood signs that say 'slow children playing' are so very mean.


My girlfriend looks a little like Charlize Theron...and a lot like Patrick Ewing.


I don't know if I would have been a stand-up comedian in Iran because, as you know, the government advocates free speech... but there's no freedom after you've spoken


The only good time to say I have diarrhea is during a game of Scrabble, because it's worth a shitload of points.


The Forgetful Vegan: Man that sure was some good pepperoni pi-Oh Fuck!


For 8 years now I've been addicted to cold turkey. When I tell people I'm quitting cold turkey, they say,"What are you quitting?", I'm fucking quitting cold turkey.


“Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.”


"Recently I went on a ballooning holiday – I put on four stone!"


"I hate sitting in traffic, because I always get run over."


"I really like driverless cars. In fact the other day I saw a whole car park of them."


"Overall, I’d say my career as a photographer has been a bit of a blur."


"I love face-painting. It’s a lot of fun. Although you do need the person’s permission."


“I find television very educational. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”


“When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.”


“From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend to read it.”


“Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.”


“I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.”


“Humor is reason gone mad.”


“The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.”


“Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.”


“I sent the club a wire stating, PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T WANT TO BELONG TO ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT ME AS A MEMBER.”


“I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.”


“Those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well I have others.”


“One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas I'll never know.”


“He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.”


“I'm not crazy about reality, but it's still the only place to get a decent meal.”


“Well, art is art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water! And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now, uh... now you tell me what you know.”


“If a black cat crosses your path, it signifies that the animal is going somewhere.”


“Blessed are the cracked, for they shall let in the light.”


“While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.”


“Some people claim that marriage interferes with romance. There's no doubt about it. Anytime you have a romance, your wife is bound to interfere.”


“I have nothing but respect for you -- and not much of that.”


“A child of five could understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.”


“I intend to live forever, or die trying.”


“Just give me a comfortable couch, a dog, a good book, and a woman. Then if you can get the dog to go somewhere and read the book, I might have a little fun.”


“Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men -- the other 999 follow women.”


Two blondes walk into a building……….you’d think at least one of them would have seen it.


Phone answering machine message -“…If you want to buy marijuana, press the hash key…”


A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only Cling Film for shorts. The shrink says, “Well, I can clearly see you’re nuts.”


I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn’t find any.


I went to the butchers the other day and I bet him 50 quid that he couldn’t reach the meat off the top shelf. He said, “No, the steaks are too high.”


My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. A strong currant pulled him in.


A man came round in hospital after a serious accident. He shouted, “Doctor, doctor, I can’t feel my legs!” The doctor replied, “I know you can’t, I’ve cut your arms off”.


I went to a seafood disco last week…and pulled a muscle.


Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly. They lit a fire in the craft, it sank, proving once and for all that you can’t have your kayak and heat it.


Our ice cream man was found lying on the floor of his van covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.


Man goes to the doctor, with a strawberry growing out of his head. Doc says “I’ll give you some cream to put on it.”


‘Doc I can’t stop singing The Green, Green Grass of Home’ “That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome. ‘Is it common?’ “It’s not unusual.”


A man takes his Rottweiler to the vet. “My dog is cross-eyed, is there anything you can do for him?” “Well,” said the vet, “let’s have a look at him.” So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then he checks his teeth. Finally, he says, “I’m going to have to put him down.” “What? Because he’s cross-eyed?” “No, because he’s really heavy”


Guy goes into the doctor’s. “Doc, I’ve got a cricket ball stuck up my backside.” How’s that?” Don’t you start.”


Two elephants walk off a cliff…boom, boom!


What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.


So I was getting into my car, and this bloke said to me “Can you give me a lift?” I said “Sure, you look great, the world’s your oyster, go for it.’


Apparently, 1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It’s either my mum or my Dad, or my older Brother Colin, or my younger Brother Xi Jinping? But I think it's Colin.


Two fat blokes in a pub, one says to the other “Your round.” The other one says “So are you, you fat bast**d!”


Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, and the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off.


“You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen. It said, ‘Parking Fine.’ So that was nice.”


A man walked into the doctors, he said, “I’ve hurt my arm in several places” The doctor said, “Well don’t go there anymore”


Ireland’s worst air disaster occurred early this morning when a small two-seater Cessna plane crashed into a cemetery. Irish search and rescue workers have recovered 1826 bodies so far and expect that number to climb as digging continues into the night


I went to the doctors. He said ‘I’d like you to lie on the couch’. I said ‘What for?’ He said ‘I’d like to sweep the floor’.


Heard the one about two aerials meeting on a roof, falling in love, and getting married? The ceremony was rubbish but the reception was brilliant


I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.


Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.


I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.


Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. “Yes” is the answer.


The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it’s still on the list.


We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.


Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.


If I agreed with you we’d both be wrong.


We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.


Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.


War does not determine who is right – only who is left.


Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.


Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.


Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.


The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.


Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.


My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.


Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening’, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t.


Don’t miss: This video is depressing, but reminds us that Facebook statuses can be lies


If sex is a pain in the ass, then you’re doing it wrong…


A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a workstation..


If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of payments.


Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.


If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.


If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… Does that mean that one enjoys it?


To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.


I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.


Some people are like Slinkies … not really good for anything, but you can’t help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.


Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.


How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?


Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?


I didn’t fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian


A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.


A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.


Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?


Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.


Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says “If an emergency, notify:” I put “DOCTOR”. What’s my mother going to do?


A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.


Check out: These drawings tell us a lot about children’s attitudes to technology


The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.


I didn’t say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.


God must love stupid people. He made SO many.


The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!


Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.


Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.


Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.


Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.


The sole purpose of a child’s middle name is so he can tell when he’s really in trouble.


Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.


He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.


You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.


It’s not the fall that kills you; it’s the sudden stop at the end.


Some people say “If you can’t beat them, join them”. I say “If you can’t beat them, beat them”, because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.


Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?


Don’t miss: Play an adorable pixel art recreation of Star Trek


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.


I intend to live forever. So far, so good.


Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.


A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.


My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you’re ugly too.


Hospitality: making your guests feel like they’re at home, even if you wish they were.


Money can’t buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.


I discovered I scream the same way whether I’m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.


I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, “I’m going to mop the floor with your face.” I said, “You’ll be sorry.” He said, “Oh, yeah? Why?” I said, “Well, you won’t be able to get into the corners very well.”


Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.


When in doubt, mumble.


I always take life with a grain of salt, …plus a slice of lemon, …and a shot of tequila.


A little boy asked his father, “Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?” Father replied, “I don’t know son, I’m still paying.”


Just remember…if the world didn’t suck, we’d all fall off.


I used to be indecisive. Now I’m not sure.


You’re never too old to learn something stupid.


Check out: This quadcopter is made out of chocolate


A bargain is something you don’t need at a price you can’t resist.


Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you’re an asshole.


With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.


Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.


Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be.


When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.


You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket… I’d miss you heaps and think of you often.


I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.


A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.


Hallmark Card: “I’m so miserable without you, it’s almost like you’re still here.”


If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving is not for you!


A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.


Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.


If winning isn’t everything why do they keep score?


Whoever coined the phrase “Quiet as a mouse” has never stepped on one.


Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.


Don’t miss: A Google Street View Murder Prank


I don’t suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.


When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty.


If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you’ll have trouble putting on your pants.


What’s the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins “Once upon a time…” A southern fairytale begins “Y’all ain’t gonna believe this shit…”


Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn’t have said.


Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.


Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.


If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer…oh wait, he does.


I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.


George Washington said “We would have a black president when pigs fly!”… well, swine flu.


Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don’t make sense. Refrigerator.


Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.


You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they’re going.


Deja Vu – When you think you’re doing something you’ve done before, it’s because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.


The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.


Money talks…but all mine ever says is good-bye.


It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.


By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong.


By the time you learn the rules of life, you’re too old to play the game.


Does time fly when you’re having sex or was it really just one minute?


If you’re looking for sympathy, you’ll find it in the dictionary between “shit” and “syphilis”


Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?


Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.


I don’t have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.


Build a man a fire, and he’ll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life.


We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.


Who was the first to see a cow and think “I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?”


Remember, if you smoke after sex you’re doing it too fast.


Why didn’t Noah swat those two mosquitoes?


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.


The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.


If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven’t completely understood the situation.


You know, they got a luggage store in the airport? A place to buy a piece of luggage? How late do you have to be for a flight where you’re like, ‘Fuck it – just grab a pile of shit. We’ll get a bag at the airport’.


It’s amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.


Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?


I have all the money I’ll ever need – if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.


Experience is what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted.


Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn’t change soon, I’m gonna divorce him.


Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.


Isn’t it odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is always soap? I like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust.


Well aren’t you a waste of two billion years of evolution.


The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.


When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?


Archeologist: someone whose career lies in ruins.


Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.


Women should not have children after 35. Really… 35 children are enough.


Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?


I don’t have an attitude; I have a personality you can’t handle.


The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Impotence: Nature’s way of saying “No hard feelings”.


There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it’s hot.


We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour


America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won’t cross the street to vote.


To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.


Only in America… do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.


Vegetarian: Native American definition for “lousy hunter”.


Materialism: buying things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people that don’t matter.


The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.


It matters not whether you win or lose: what matters is whether I win or lose.


If you can’t convince them, confuse them.


Don’t piss me off! I’m running out of places to hide the bodies.


Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.


See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.


I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, “Well, that’s not going to happen.”


Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.


The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.


100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?


A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.


Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?


Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.


What if there were no hypothetical questions?


For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.


I’m a humble person, really. I’m actually much greater than I think I am.


Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, ‘My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic’


The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.


Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning.


I don’t have a solution, but I do admire the problem.


The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.


Don’t steal. That’s the government’s job.


A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.


IRS: We’ve got what it takes to take what you’ve got.


Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven’t fallen asleep yet.


Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.


What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry?
Never lick the spoon.


Lite: the new way to spell “Light,” now with 20% fewer letters!


Unless you’re the lead dog, the view never changes.


A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.


No one is listening until you fart.


Only dead fish go with the flow.


Why don’t you slip into something more comfortable…like a coma.


Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!


This isn’t an office. It’s hell with fluorescent lighting.


A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.


Life’s like a bird, it’s pretty cute until it shits on your head.


I’m multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.


I was such an ugly kid. When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.


The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What’s the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you’d get a pulse.


Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.


1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It’s either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it’s Colin.


If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?


True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.


The trouble with being punctual is that nobody’s there to appreciate it.


If I’d shot you sooner, I’d be out of jail by now.


Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.


Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.


What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.


If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn’t anything in the store free yet?


There are no winners in life…only survivors.


Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.


Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.


Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.


One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.


The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.


If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you’ve never tried before.


It’s so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it.


We are all part of the ultimate statistic – ten out of ten die.


Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.


A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.


Ever notice that people who spend money on beer, cigarettes, and lottery tickets are always complaining about being broke and not feeling well?


If everything seems to be coming your way, you’re probably in the wrong lane.


I’m in shape. Round is a shape isn’t it


They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.


I said “no” to drugs, but they just wouldn’t listen.


Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don’t have it.


I sometimes go to my own little world, but that’s okay, they know me there.


I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.


My drinking team has a bowling problem.


A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.


Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?


It’s not how good your work is, it’s how well you explain it.


Seen it all, done it all, can’t remember most of it.


I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I’m gonna put pins into all the locations that I’ve traveled to. But first, I’m gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won’t fall down.


Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.


If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?


Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.


Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.


Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed


The best thing about living at the beach is that you only have assholes on three sides of you.


Silence doesn’t mean your sexual performance left her speechless.


The farther away the future is, the better it looks.


Why is it that in the US: If you take off all your clothes and walk down the street waving a machete and firing an Uzi, terrified citizens will phone the police and report: “There’s a naked person outside!”


Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.


Never test the depth of the water with both feet.


Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now.


I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing.


Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.


You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.


Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.


Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.


At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don’t. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.


The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.


Constipated people don’t give a crap.


Why is a bra singular and panties plural?


Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.


Without ME, it’s just AWESO.


If you do not say it, they can’t repeat it.


I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me… they were cramming for their finals.


Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.


If you don’t care where you are, then you ain’t lost.


Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.


You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.


I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.


You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you’ve had?


You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.


I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.


Ham and Eggs: A day’s work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.


If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?


Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.


Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!


The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.


Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me either. Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.


Strangers have the best candy.


Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


Trust but verify.


The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.


WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.


The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.


If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?


How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.


I’d kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.


Why do you need a driver’s license to buy liquor when you can’t drink and drive?


Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel shamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams. If I didn’t drink this beer, they might be out of work and their dreams would be shattered. Then I say to myself, “It is better that I drink this beer and let their dreams come true than be selfish and worry about my liver.


Your kid may be an honors student, but you’re still an idiot.


Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.


Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.


It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look !!


Everybody is somebody else’s weirdo.


I think, therefore I’m single.


Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?


When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!


I bet you I could stop gambling.


The only difference between the people I’ve dated and Charles Manson is that Manson has the decency to look like a nut case when you first meet him.


Sex on tv can’t hurt unless you fall off.


Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn’t much, but the reception was excellent.


Who invented the brush they put next to the toilet? That thing hurts!


Never agree to plastic surgery if the doctor’s office is full of portraits by Picasso.


Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.


668 – The neighbour of the beast.


I love oral sex…it’s the phone bill I hate.


Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.


I’ve learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.


Squirrels – nature’s speed bumps.


When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?


It’s bad luck to be superstitious.


There are two kinds of people who don’t say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.


The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common “enemy”.


Friends are like condoms: They protect you when things get hard.


With a calendar, your days are numbered.


If it’s true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?


The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.


It’s not the bullet that kills you, it’s the hole.


I ran three miles today. Finally I said, “Lady take your purse.”


If good things come in small packages, then more good things can come in large packages.


You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.


My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!


A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.


A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.


Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone


Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.


Married men live longer than single men, but they’re a lot more willing to die.


If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!


Beauty is only skin deep…but ugly goes all the way to the bone!


A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.


A hard thing about a business is minding your own.


Most women don’t know where to look when they’re eating a banana.


If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger …


Does time fly when you’re having sex or was it really just one minute?


We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour


If you’re going to ride my ass at least pull my hair and make me scream!
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met. Then we divorced.
 
I’ll tell ya, my wife and I, we don’t think alike. She donates money to the homeless, and I donate money to the topless!


One night I came home. I figured, let my wife come on. I’ll play it cool. Let her make the first move. She went to Florida.


I asked my old man if I could go ice-skating on the lake. He told me, “Wait til it gets warmer.”


My doctor told me to watch my drinking. Now I drink in front of a mirror. I drink too much. Way too much. My doctor drew blood. He ran a tab.


When I was born the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, “I’m very sorry. We did everything we could…but he pulled through.”


I come from a stupid family. During the Civil War my great uncle fought for the west!


My father was stupid. He worked in a bank and they caught him stealing pens.


My mother had morning sickness after I was born.


My mother never breastfed me. She told me that she only liked me as a friend.


My father carries around the picture of the kid who came with his wallet.


When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.


I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.


One year they wanted to make me a poster boy… for birth control.


I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent back a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.


My uncle’s dying wish was to have me sitting on his lap. He was in the electric chair.


One time I went to a hotel. I asked the bellhop to handle my bag. He felt up my wife!


This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the Fruit of the Loom guys laughing at me.


I’m a bad lover. Once I caught a peeping tom booing me.


My wife only has sex with me for a purpose. Last night she used me to time an egg.


It’s tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won’t drink from my glass!


My wife isn’t very bright. The other day she was at the store, and just as she was heading for our car, someone stole it! I said, “Did you see the guy that did it?” She said, “No, but I got the license plate.”


Last night my wife met me at the front door. She was wearing a sexy negligee. The only trouble was, she was coming home.


A girl phoned me and said, “Come on over. There’s nobody home.” I went over. Nobody was home!


I went to a massage parlor. It was self service.


If it weren’t for pick-pocketers, I’d have no sex life at all.


Once when I was lost I saw a policeman and asked him to help me find my parents. I said to him, “Do you think we’ll ever find them?” He said, “I don’t know kid. There are so many places they can hide.”


I remember I was so depressed I was going to jump out a window on the tenth floor. They sent a priest up to talk to me. He said, “On your mark…”


When my old man wanted sex, my mother would show him a picture of me.


I had a lot of pimples too. One day I fell asleep in a library. I woke up and a blind man was reading my face.


My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday.


Last week my tie caught on fire. Some guy tried to put it out with an ax!


I met the surgeon general. He offered me a cigarette.


I was making love to this girl and she started crying. I said, “Are you going to hate yourself in the morning?” She said, “No, I hate myself now.”


I knew a girl so ugly that she was known as a two-bagger. That’s when you put a bag over your head in case the bag over her head breaks.


I knew a girl so ugly, they use her in prisons to cure sex offenders.


I knew a girl so ugly, I took her to the top of the Empire State building and planes started to attack her.


I knew a girl so ugly, the last time I saw a mouth like hers it had a hook on the end of it.


I knew a girl so ugly, she had a face like a saint–a Saint Bernard!


I was tired one night and I went to the bar to have a few drinks. The bartender asked me, “What’ll you have?” I said, “Surprise me.” He showed me a naked picture of my wife.


During sex my wife always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel.


My marriage is on the rocks again. Yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend.


One day as I came home early from work, I saw a guy jogging naked. I said to the guy, “Hey buddy…why are you doing that?” He said, “Because you came home early.”


I went to see my doctor… Doctor Vidi-boom-ba. Yeah…I told him once, “Doctor, every morning when I get up and look in the mirror I feel like throwing up. What’s wrong with me? He said, “I don’t know, but your eyesight is perfect.”


I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. He told me to wear a brown necktie.


My psychiatrist told me I’m going crazy. I told him, “If you don’t mind, I’d like a second opinion.” He said, “All right. You’re ugly too!”


I was so ugly, my mother used to feed me with a slingshot!


When I was born the doctor took one look at my face, turned me over and said, “Look, twins!”


And we were poor too. Why, if I wasn’t born a boy, I’d have nothing to play with!


With my wife I don’t get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to ‘the best woman a man ever had.’ The waiter joined me.


I’m not a sexy guy. I went to a hooker. I dropped my pants. She dropped her price.


I tell you, I’m not a sexy guy. I was the centerfold for Playgirl magazine. The staples covered everything!


What a childhood I had, why, when I took my first step, my old man tripped me!


Last week I told my psychiatrist, “I keep thinking about suicide.” He told me from now on I have to pay in advance.


I tell ya when I was a kid, all I knew was rejection. My yo-yo, it never came back!


Oh, when I was a kid in show business I was poor. I used to go to orgies to eat the grapes.


When I was a kid I got no respect. The time I was kidnapped, and the kidnappers sent my parents a note they said, “We want five thousand dollars or you’ll see your kid again.”


I tell ya, my wife was never nice. On our first date, I asked her if I could give her a goodnight kiss on the cheek – she bent over!


I tell you, with my doctor, I don’t get no respect. I told him, “I’ve swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills.” He told me to have a few drinks and get some rest.


Some dog I got too. We call him Egypt because he leaves a pyramid in every room.


With my dog I don’t get no respect. He keeps barking at the front door. He doesn't want to go out. He wants me to leave.


What a dog I got. His favorite bone is in my arm!


Last week I saw my psychiatrist. I told him, “Doc, I keep thinking I’m a dog.” He told me to get off his couch.


A lot of people were confused at the grand opening ceremony of my ribbon-repair business yesterday!


Did you know that Iceland is only one sea away from Ireland?


If I don’t perfect human cloning, I won’t be able to live with myself.


I just wrote a book on reverse psychology – don’t buy it!


Does refusing to go to the gym count as resistance training?


My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.


As I get older and I remember all the people I’ve lost along the way, I think to myself, maybe a career as a tour guide wasn’t for me.


I didn’t realize how bad of a driver I was until my sat nav said, “In 400 feet, do a slight right, stop, and let me out.”


My fear of moving stairs is escalating.


I went along to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting but all the seats were taken.


I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided if the cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.


With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it’s only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy’s truck leaves him too.


People say I’ve got no willpower but I’ve quit smoking loads of times.


I struggle with Roman numerals until I get to 159, then it justs CLIX.


I think most of you probably already know about the first rule of Assumption Club.


I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.


Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.


People say I’m condescending; that means I talk down to people.


I hate Russian dolls, they’re so full of themselves.


I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant but then I changed my mind.


Throwing acid is wrong, in some people’s eyes.


Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.


The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, “This changes everything”.


The person who invented autocorrect should burn in hello.


My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.


Say what you want about deaf people…


Gonorrhea would have been a great name for diarrhea medicine.


Nothing tops a plain pizza.


I’ve spent the last four years looking for my ex-girlfriend’s killer, but no-one will do it.


I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home all the signs were there.


I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.


You can never lose a homing pigeon – if your homing pigeon doesn’t come back what you’ve lost is a pigeon.


My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy… so I got drunk.


Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.


As I watched the dog chasing his tail I thought “Dogs are easily amused”, then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.


PMS jokes are not funny or appropriate – period!


I really want to buy one of those grocery checkout dividers but the lady behind the counter keeps putting it back.


Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.


Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.


Never challenge Death to a pillow fight unless you’re prepared to handle the reaper cushions.


Hedgehogs, eh? Why can’t they just share the hedge?


Just because nobody complains doesn’t mean all parachutes are perfect.


If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?


To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet – you can hide, but you can’t run.


Velcro – what a rip-off!


My friend keeps trying to convince me that he’s a compulsive liar but I don’t believe him.


It’s always hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they’re always taking things literally.


I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.


I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I’ve never looked back since.


I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.


My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.


I like to hold hands at the movies… which always seems to startle strangers.


My wife told me sex is better on holiday… that wasn’t a very nice postcard to receive.


My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man’s heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.


Someone broke into my house and stole my external hard drive; they really got my backup.


Signwriters have their work cut out, don’t they?


I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.


My friend’s in prison for flashing; he says he can’t bare it anymore.


I said to my friend, “Let’s take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first.”


My friend’s selling a load of broken yo-yos, no strings attached.


I tried drag racing the other day; it’s murder trying to run in those heels.


I went geese hunting the other day but once they started flying I knew the game was up.


I was at a climbing center the other day, but someone had stolen all the grips from the wall; honestly, you couldn’t make it up.


I was a bookkeeper for 10 years… the local library wasn't too happy about it.


It’s really important to obey the laws of grammar, after all rules is rules.


I’ve been training for a marathon by running 10 miles a day which is really tiring, but it’ll be worth it in the long run.


There’s been some talk of a wet T-shirt contest taking place in our little town; I’ll be the judge of that.


Wolverine is a man of many talons, isn’t he?


I’ve looked up to my father ever since he got that job as a trapeze artist.


If tightrope walking is called funambulism, then walking must be ambulisum, but where’s the fun in that?


I just watched 30 minutes of a TV play of Hamlet with the volume turned down; that was a hard act to follow.


I went to India last year where I saw a man sitting cross-legged while he played a tune to a snake, and I thought to myself, “That’s charming, that is”.


Police censuses tick a lot of motorists off, don’t they?


I was at a rock concert with my friend when he said he wanted to try crowd surfing, so I told him not to get carried away.


If you struggle to stay awake while using your iPad, there’s a nap for that.


The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it’s still on the list.


A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.


If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven’t completely understood the situation.


We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.


I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.


Hospitality is making your guests feel like they’re at home, even if you wish they were.


By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong.


Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.


I discovered I scream the same way whether I’m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.


I’ve been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I’ll start calling them traditions.


We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.


My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance; we’ll see about that.


Having sex is like playing bridge – if you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.


Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.


The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.


If you’re not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?


I used to be indecisive, now I’m not sure.


Teamwork is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.


Evening news is where they begin with “Good evening”, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t.


I’m really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.


If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea, does that mean that one out of 5 enjoys it?


Whatever you do always give 100% – unless you’re donating blood.


How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?


For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.


Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.


I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn’t at work anymore.


A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.


It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission.


A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.


It’s bad luck to be superstitious.


Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be.


I was born to be a pessimist – my blood type is B Negative.


The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.


Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?


Why is it that most nudists are people you don’t want to see naked?


Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.


Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?


The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.


Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.


The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.


Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days.


Some people cause happiness wherever they go, others whenever they go.


I’ve bought my wife a fridge for Christmas: I can’t wait to see her face light up when she opens it.


If you cross mistletoe with a duck, do you get a Christmas cracker?


You can tell Santa is a man, because no woman would ever wear the same outfit every year.


Are people who are scared of Father Christmas Claustrophobic?


We were so poor when I was little that we couldn’t afford a turkey for Christmas, so we gave the budgie a chest expander.


When you stop believing in Santa is when you start getting clothes for Christmas.


Mary and Joseph had a stable relationship, didn’t they?


Christmas is just like a day at the office: you do all the hard work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.


The three stages of man: 1. He believes in Santa. 2. He doesn’t believe in Santa. 3. He is Santa.


I wasn’t planning on giving out any Christmas presents this year, until I heard about those exploding Samsung phones.


When Santa’s in your room, can you sense his presents?


Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper who sold his soul to Santa?


When I was a child, my family was so poor that at Christmas we exchanged glances.


If Santa’s little helpers ate outside would they be dining elfresco?


The main thing I want this Christmas is for someone to wake me up when it’s all over.


Are Santa’s elves just a bunch of subordinate Clauses?


The best Christmas present I ever got was a broken drum – you just can’t beat it.


You can tell Microsoft have a monopoly because even Santa had to switch from chimneys to Windows.


Would a singing elf be called a wrapper?


There’s still 364 days to Christmas and people already have their lights up – unbelievable!


If you ate Christmas decorations would you get tinselitis?


Did you know the Christmas alphabet only has 25 letters – there’s Noel.


If Santa ran out of money, would he be Saint Nickel-less?


I worked in a pet store and people kept asking how big I’d get


Advil has a candy coating. It's delicious. And it says right on the bottle "Do not have more than two." Well then do not put a candy coating around it.


I had a job interview at an insurance company once and the lady said "Where do you see yourself in five years?" I said "Celebrating the fifth year anniversary of you asking me this question."


I fuckin' hate arrows, man. They try to tell me which direction to go. It's like, "Fuck you, I ain't going that way, line with two thirds of a triangle on the end!"


Acid was my favorite drug. Acid opened up my mind, it expanded my mind. Because of acid, I now know that butter is way better than margarine. I saw through the bullshit.


I used to live here in Los Angeles, on Sierra Bonita, and I had an apartment, and I had a neighbor. And whenever he would knock on my wall, I knew he wanted me to turn my music down. And that made me angry, cause I like loud music. So when he knocked on the wall, I'd mess with his head. I'd say, "Go around! I cannot open the wall. I don't know if you have a doorknob on the other side, but over here there's nothing... it's just flat!"


I saw a lady with a flower, she was plucking out the petals, she was saying "he loves me, he loves me not." Thank god the flower can't talk, what would it say? "Fuck that hurts. Fuck that hurts as well. Fuck, leave me alone. I'm no longer pretty... And he loves you not. I could have told you I had an even number of petals!"


Listerine hurts. Man, when I put Listerine in my mouth, I'm fuckin' angry. Germs do not go quietly.


That would suck if you became a priest and the day came where you had to fight the devil, you'd be like "Shit, I didn't think that was for real!"


You know that show "My Three Sons"? That'd be funny if it was called "My One Dad".


I ran some Evian water through a filter... the shit disappeared! It was so fuckin' pure.


I told the crowd last night to fuck off, but then I felt bad, so I said "All right, fuck back on."


Gel's funny. You wash your hair and then you put gel in it. It's like, it's clean now, let me fuck it back up.


When I'm on my hotel elevator, I like to pretend that someone else's floor is wrong. Like, if someone gets on and presses 3, I'm like "You're on three? Hahahaha. Dude, I don't think I can ride with you."


I was at a restaurant, and I saw a guy wearing a leather jacket at the same time he was eating a hamburger and drinking a glass of milk. I said "Dude, you are a cow. The metamorphosis is complete. Don't fall asleep, I will tip you over."


Seahorses are slow. If I was in the ocean, I would not be a gambler on the horse races ... because you would be there fuckin' days.


Man, remember that movie The Outsiders and one of the guys name was "Soda Pop", and at the time it was cool?... It's not cool right now. Your nickname was "Soda Pop"... you would be dead.


I remixed the remix... it was back to normal.


My manager's cool, he gets concerned, he says, "Mitch, don't use liquor as a crutch." I can't use liquor as a crutch... because a crutch helps me walk.


As an adult, I'm not supposed to go down slides. So if I end up at the top of a slide, I have to act like I got there accidentally. "How'd I get up here, god damnit?! I guess I have to slide down."


When I play the South, they say "y'all" in the South. They take out the "O" and the "U". So when I'm in the South, I try to talk like that, so people understand me. "Hello, can I have a bowl of chicken noodle... sp."


I want to be a race car passenger. Just a guy who bugs the driver.


I didn't go to college, but if I did, I would have taken all my tests at a restaurant, because the customer is always right.


Alcoholism is a disease. But it's like the only disease you can get yelled at for having.


I was gonna stay overnight at my friend's place, he said "You're gonna have to sleep on the floor.".... Damn gravity. You got me again. You know how badly I want to sleep on the wall.


Dogs are forever in the pushup position.


I did comedy for a fundraiser once. We were trying to raise money to buy one of those machines that shows how much money has been raised.


I walked by a spy shop, you know those places that sell surveillance equipment? Every time I walk by a spy shop I think "I need to put some surveillance on somebody. Rick's been acting fishy. I need to buy a little camera. I need to buy a safe that looks like a Coca-Cola can."


I saw a commercial for an above ground pool, it was 30 seconds long. You know why? Because that's the maximum amount of time you can depict yourself having fun in an above ground pool.


I got a fire alarm at home, but really it's more like a 9-volt battery slowly drainer. "Do you want to slowly get rid of your 9-volt batteries? Then buy this circle."


There's a commercial on late-night TV for this thing you attach to a garden hose, it says "You can water your hard to reach plants with this product." Who the fuck would make their plants hard to reach?! That seems so very mean.


You know when they show someone on TV washing their hair under a waterfall? That's fuckin' bullshit, man. Because that thing would knock you on your ass.


I like the public hot tub at the hotels, the whirlpool. I like to go there when there's a guy in there already and say "Hey, man, you mind if I join ya?" And he says "no." Then I go and I turn the whirlpool heat up. Then I come by and I add some carrots and onions... then I say "Hey man, just simmer for ahw-I mean, sit there."


I'd like to see a forklift lift a crate of forks. It'd be so damn literal! You are using that machine to its exact purpose!


Now if I was to give a duck bread, I'd give him Pepperidge Farm bread because that shit's fancy. It's wrapped twice. So you open it... and it still ain't opened. That's why I don't buy it. I don't need another step between me and toast.


Do you think when the guy came up with the idea to invent a bong, a blacklight popped up over his head?


I went to a heavy metal concert. The singer yelled out, "How many of you people feel like human beings tonight?" And then he said, "How many of you people feel like animals?" The thing is, everyone cheered after the animals part, but I cheered after the human beings part because I did not know there was a second part to the question.


I think animal crackers made people think all animals taste the same. "What does a giraffe taste like?" "A hippopotamus!"


I got an oscillating fan at my house. The fan goes back and forth... it looks like the fan is saying "No." So I like to ask it questions that a fan would say "no" to. "Do you keep my hair in place?"


I don't have any children, but if I had a baby, I would have to name it, so I would buy a baby naming book... or I would invite somebody over who had a cast on.


I'd hate to be a giraffe with a sore throat. God damn it anyway!


My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.


You can't have seaweed as a house plant because you'd have to water it way too much.


I went to the Home Depot the other day, which was unnecessary... I need to go to the Apartment Depot. Which is just a big warehouse with people standing around saying "Hey, we ain't gotta fix shit."


The commercial for Diet Dr Pepper says "It tastes just like regular Dr Pepper"... well then they fucked up.


I get the Reese's candy. If you read that name Reese's, that's an apostrophe S. Reese's apostrophe S on the end of that name. That means the candy bar is his. I didn't know that.


I want to get a job naming kitchen appliances. That seems easy, you know? Refrigerator, toaster, blender. You just say what the thing does, then you add "er."


I went to a pizzeria, I ordered a slice of pizza, the fucker gave me the smallest slice possible. If the pizza was a pie chart for what people would do if they found a million dollars, the fucker gave me the "donate it to charity" slice. I would like to exchange this for the "keep it."


I think they could take sesame seeds off the market and I wouldn't even care. I can't imagine five years from now saying, "Damn, remember sesame seeds? What happened? All the buns are blank."


I went to a doctor, all he did was suck blood from my neck. Don't go see doctor Acula.


Imagine being killed by a bow and arrow, that would suck. An arrow killed you? They would never solve the crime. "Look at that dead guy... Let's go that way."


People think I'm into sports just because I'm a man. I'm not into sports. I mean, I like Gatorade, but that's about as far as it goes.


I want to make a vending machine that sells vending machines. It would have to be real fucking big.


If you find yourself lost in the woods, fuck it, build a house. "Well, I was lost, but now I live here. I have severely improved my predicament."


They say the recipe for Sprite is lemon and lime, but I tried to make it at home. There's more to it than that.


Vending machines are a big part of my life. I like when you reach into the vending machine to grab your candy bar and that flap goes up to block you from reaching up. That's a good invention. Before that, it was hard times for the vending machine owners. "What candy bar are you getting?" "That one . . . and every one on the bottom row!"


When I think of a duck's friends, I think of more ducks, right? But, shit, he could have, like, a beaver in tow.


I saw a guy juggling chainsaws. It was cool, but unless something needs to be sawed down, then it's just annoying. It's like, "Come on, Rick, can we use ONE?"


I met the girl who works at the DoubleTree front desk. She gave me her phone number... it's zero.


I went to the store, bought eight apples. The clerk said, "Do you want me to put them in a bag?" I said, "Oh no, man, I juggle.... but I can only juggle eight. If I'm ever in here buying nine apples, bag 'em up."


The only way I could get my old CD into a store is if I would take one in and leave it.


I got a business card... because I want to win some lunches.


When I was a boy, I laid in my twin size bed and wondered where my brother was.


Xylophone is spelled with an "X". That's wrong. Xylophone "Zzz" "X?". I don't fuckin' see it. It should be a "Z" up front. Next time you spell xylophone, use a "Z". And if someone says "Hey, that's wrong," say "No it ain't."


I don't own a cellphone or a pager. I just hang around everyone I know all the time.


People ask me for my autograph after the show. I'm not famous, I think they're fucking with me. They're trying to make me late for something.


Last week I helped my friend stay put. It's a lot easier than helping someone move.


People teach their dogs to sit. It's a trick. I've been sitting my whole life. A dog has never looked at me as though he thought I was tricky.


I had my palm read. I wrote something on it first to see if she would read that too.


If you have to release bad news to the public, it would help if you are not ugly.


You know how they call corn on the cob "corn on the cob," right? But that's how it comes out of the ground, man. They should call that "corn." They should call every other version "corn off the cob."


I use the word "totally" way too much. I need to change it to something that's different, but means the same thing. "Mitch, do you like submarine sandwiches?" "All encompassingly."


I like vending machines... because snacks are better when they fall. If I go buy a candy bar in a store, oftentimes I will drop it, so it reaches its maximum flavor potential.


My roommate said, he goes, "I need to shave and use the shower. Does anyone need to use the bathroom?" It's like some weird ass quiz where he reveals the answer first.


I have a girlfriend named Lynn. She spells her name L-Y-N-N. And my old girlfriend's name is Lyn too. She spells her name L-Y-N. Every now and then, I fuck up. I call my new girlfriend by my old girlfriend's name. And she can tell because I don't say "nn" as long.


That would be cool if you could eat a good food with a bad food and the good food would cover for the bad food when it got to your stomach. Like, you could eat a carrot with an onion ring and then they would travel down to your stomach, then when they get there, the carrot would say, "It's cool, he's with me."


I wish I could play Little League now... I'd kick some fuckin' ass.


A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.


I don't own a watch because I want my arms to weigh the same.


Snake eyes. It's a gambling term. Or it's an animal term, too.


Two-in-one is a bullshit term because one is not big enough to hold two. That's why two was created.


I wrote my friend a letter using a highlighting pen, but he could not read it. He thought I was trying to show him certain parts of a piece of paper.


Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, "I'm gonna go shave... too."


My sister wanted to be an actress. She never made it, but she does live in a trailer. She got half way. So it's like she's an actress, she just never gets called to the set.


I drank some boiling water... because I wanted to whistle.


I have a cheese shredder at home. That's a positive name for it: cheese shredder. They don't call it by its negative name because nobody would buy it... sponge ruiner.


A snake bite emergency repair kit is a body bag.


I got a robe. It's not a robe, really, it's just a towel that fits me.


I've seen a human pyramid before... it was very unnecessary.


My manager takes 10% from me. Sometimes I work for free drinks. I bring him home a Jack and Coke.


If you had a friend who was a tightrope walker and you were walking on the sidewalk with him, and he fell... that would be completely unacceptable.


This product that was on TV, it said you can have this product for four easy payments of $19.95. I would like to have a product that was available for three easy payments... and one complicated payment. We're not gonna tell you which one it is, but one of these payments is gonna be hard.


One time I had a Jack and Coke, it had a lime in it, and I saw that the lime was floating. That's good news, man. The next time I'm in a boat and it capsizes, I will reach for a lime.


I'm a heroine addict... I need to have sex with women who saved someone's life.


I was walking down the street with my friend and he said, "I hear music"... as though there's any other way you can take it in.


I'm a mumbler. If I'm walking with a friend and I say something, he won't hear me, he'll say "What?" So I'll say it again, but once again, he doesn't hear me, so he says "What?!" But really, it's just some insignificant shit that I'm saying, but now I'm yelling "That tree is far away!"


My friend came up to me and he said "Hey, you know what I like? Mashed potatoes." It was like, "Dude, you gotta give me time to guess. If you're gonna quiz me, you gotta put a pause in there."


I hate turkeys... if you go to the grocery store and you stand in front of the lunchmeat section for too long, you start to get pissed off at turkeys. You see, like, turkey ham, turkey pastrami, turkey bologna. Somebody needs to tell the turkeys, "Man, just be yourself!"


If I had nine of my fingers missing... I wouldn't type any slower.


A lot of bars have black lights. And when a bar has black lights, everybody looks very cool. Except for me... because I was under the impression that the mustard stain came out.


When I'm off stage, I don't talk very much, I'm pretty quiet, right? And I hang around people who talk non-stop. All they do is talk, talk, talk. I can't get a word in edgewise. And when I do, I usually say something like, "Hey, man, you want some taffy?"


I was at a bar, I was minding my own business, no one was talking to me, because I had just did a show. This guy bumped into me which is cool, but he didn't apologize, he said "Move", and I thought that was rude so I said "Go to hell", and then I started to run. He caught up with me. He had a mustache, a goatee, a pair of earrings, a pair of sunglasses, his hair was in a ponytail, and he was wearing a hat. He said "Hey, you got a lot of nerve." I said "Hey, you got a lot of... cranium accessories.


When I was on acid, I would see things, like beams of light. And I would hear sounds that sounded an awful lot like car horns.


I can't floss my teeth, man. I can't get into the flossing thing. People who smoke cigarettes, they say "Man, you don't know how hard it is to quit smoking." Yes I do. It's as hard as it is to START flossing.


Sometimes I wave to people I don't know. It's very dangerous to wave to somebody you don't know, because what if they don't have a hand? They'll think you're cocky. "Look what I got motherfucka!"


I think Visine was only invented for pot heads. Who else would buy Visine? "Say man, I don't want people to know I have been swimming..."


I wish long hair was associated with something other than drug use... like an extreme longing for cake.


I like cinnamon rolls. That's why I wish they made cinnamon roll incense. Because I don't always have time to make a pan. Perhaps I'd rather light a stick... and then have my roommates wake up with false hopes.


That would be cool if SpiderMan shot hammocks instead of nets. "Hey, you're not a criminal, but you do need to relax."


I asked directions to the store, this guy said, "Well that's just a hop, skip and a jump away." ... "Well that's not how I'm getting there... You got directions for those who are walking?"


I want to have a show called "Where Are They Now" but it's about people who are really easy to find. "Jay Leno, where are they now? Still in Burbank."


I would like it if four people did a cartwheel all at once... so I can make a cart.


I can't wait to get off the stage, because I've got some LifeSavers in my pocket and pineapple is next!


Whenever I hang around a group of friends, I try to make sure we hang out clockwise. That way, if we are photographed, we are easy to identify.


I used to buy a lot of M&Ms; they're a delicious candy. But then I switched to aspirin. I find if you hand your friend two aspirin, he doesn't look at you like you're selfish.


A lot of death metal bands have intense names, like "Rigor Mortis" or "Mortuary," or "Obituary". We weren't that intense. We just went with "Injured". Later on we changed it to "Acapella"... as we were walking out of the pawn shop.


To do this show, I had to take a physical. They asked me a bunch of medical questions. And they were like yes or no questions, but they were very strangely worded. Like, "Have you ever tried sugar... or PCP?"


I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.


I got into an argument with a girlfriend inside of a tent. That's a bad place for an argument. Because then I tried to walk out and slam the flap.


I was at a restaurant, I ordered a chicken sandwich, but I don't think the waitress understood me. Because she said, "How would you like your eggs?" So I tried to answer her anyhow. I said, "Incubated! And then raised, and then beheaded, and then plucked, and then cut up, and then put onto a grill, and then put onto a bun. Damn! It's gonna take a while. I don't have time. Scrambled!"


As a kid, I used to jump on beds. But as an adult, I do not sleep on trampolines.


I walked by a record store, the sign out front said they specialize in hard to find records and tapes... nothing was alphabetized!


I had a piece of Carefree sugarless gum... and I was still worried.


If you have dentures, do not use artificial sweeteners because you will get a fake cavity.


I gotta idea for sweat shops... air conditioning! Problem solved.


My hotel is haunted. I saw a sheet lying on the floor... must have been a ghost that had passed out.


I was downtown in some town and they had store, store, store, and then there was an open area, then they had more stores. It said in the open area "Coming soon: The Gap" I'm like "Fuck, man. It's coming soon and it's already here."


That would be cool if you lived with a monster... you would never get hiccups!


I got a vest. If I had my arms cut off, it would be a jacket.


When you have a CD in a store, you have to do in-store appearances. If nobody shows up, I just pretend like I'm shopping.


A fly was very close to being called a "land" because that's what it does half the time.


I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs.


You should never tell people they have a nice dimple... because maybe they were shot in the face with a BB gun.


Some companies like to spell out words, so you call 'em up and remember their name. But they use too many letters because they can't edit it. "Give us a call at 1 800 I LOVE BRAND NEW CARPET."


I saw a band in LA and the band was having an off night and some people starting throwing tomatoes at the band. I thought "Who would throw a tomato at a band?" That's bad. But then I thought "Who would bring a tomato to a show?" That's even worse.


I've never stayed at a bed and breakfast, and I don't think I would, because I figure you stay at a bed and breakfast, by the end of the day, you start to get hungry. "Is that all you got around here? Then you need to direct me to a chair, lunch dinner."


The Kit Kat candy bar has the name "Kit Kat" imprinted into the chocolate. That robs you of chocolate! That's a clever chocolate-saving technique. I go down to the factory, "You owe me some letters!"


I like to drink red wine, this girl says "Doesn't red wine give you a headache?" "Yeah, eventually. But the first and the middle part are amazing." I'm not gonna stop doing something because of what happens at the end. "Mitch, do you want an apple?" "No, eventually it'll be a core."


As a comedian, you have to start the show strong and end the show strong. Those are the two key elements. You can't be like pancakes... all exciting at first, but then by the end, you're fucking sick of 'em.


If I'm out to dinner with a group of friends and someone offers to pay for the check, I immediately reach for my wallet. Because inside is a note that says "Say thanks."


I'm in my hotel room, my friend comes over, he says, "Can I use the phone?" I said, "Certainly," he says "Do I have to dial 9?" "Yeah, especially if it's in the number."


I wrote a letter to my dad. I was gonna write "I really enjoyed being here" but I accidentally wrote "rarely" instead of "really". But I wanted to use it, I didn't want to cross it out. So I wrote, "I rarely... drive steamboats, dad."


I was in a park and I saw a kid flying a kite and he was so excited that his kite was in the sky. I don't know why, that's what they're supposed to do.


I wake up in the morning, I make myself a bowl of instant oatmeal. Then I don't do shit for an hour. Makes me wonder why I need the instant oatmeal. I can get the regular oatmeal and feel productive.


I never joined the Army because "at ease" was never that easy to me. Seemed rather "uptight and still."


I want to climb a mountain, not so I can get to the top, because I want to hang out at base camp. That seems fuckin' fun as shit. You sleep in a colorful tent, you grow a beard, you drink hot chocolate, you walk around. "Hey, you going to the top?" "Soon."


... I don't get the regular AIDS test anymore, I get the roundabout AIDS test. I call my friend Brian, I say "Hey Brian, do you know anybody who has AIDS? No? Cool.... because you know me."


If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be fucked up.


I think we should only get three honks a month on the car horn. Because people honk the car horn too much. Three honks, that's the limit. And then somebody cuts you off, you press your horn, nothing happens, you're like "Shit, I wish I wouldn't have seen Ricky on the sidewalk."


It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one. By the time it's done... who knows?


You know when you go to concerts, and the kids get on stage and they jump into the crowd, stage diving? People think that's dangerous, but not me. Because humans are made out of 95% water. So the audience is 5% away from a pool.


You know, you can't please all the people all the time. And last night all those people were at my show.


The thing that's depressing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I will never be as good as a wall.


I play the guitar. I taught myself how to play the guitar, which was a bad decision because I didn't know how to play it. So I was a shitty teacher. I would never have went to me.


I have a few cavities. I don't like to call 'em cavities. I like to call 'em "places to put stuff."


... it's against regulations for Subway to sell just the bun. I guess the two halves ain't supposed to touch. So I said, "All right, well put some lettuce on it," which they did. They said it'd be a $1.75. I said "It's for a duck." They said "All right, then it's free." See, I did not know that. Ducks eat for free at Subway. Had I known that, I would have ordered a much larger sandwich. "Let me have the steak fajita sub. But don't bother ringing it up, it's for a duck!"


I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at a car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's going.


When I take something out of the minibar, I always fathom that I'm going to replace it before they check me off and charge me. But they made that shit impossible to replace. I go to the store, I say, "Do you have Coke... in a glass harmonica?"


When we were on acid, we would go into the woods because when you're in the woods trippin', there's a less likely chance you'll run into an authority figure. But we ran into a bear. That was even more of a buzzkill.


I like to take a toothpick and throw it in the forest and say "You're home!"


I had a box of Ritz crackers, and on the back of the box, they had all these suggestions as to what to put on top of the Ritz. Try it with turkey and cheese. Try it with peanut butter. Oh, come on, man, they're crackers, that's why I got them. I like crackers. I didn't buy them because they're little edible plates.


I rent a lot of cars, cause I go on the road. And when I drive a rental car, I don't know what's going on with it, right? So a lot of times I'll drive for, like, ten miles with the emergency brake on. That doesn't say a lot for me, but it really doesn't say a lot for the EMERGENCY BRAKE.


I had a roommate, his name was Eddie, and Eddie was a little slow on the mental draw. I was writing a letter, I had a problem, I said "Ed, how do you abbreviate 'Arkansas'?" He said, "I don't know. Just start spelling it and quit."


I don't wanna have my face on the cover of a Wheaties box. I wanna have my face on the cover of a Rice Krispies box. "Snap, Crackle, Mitch and Pop."


I play golf. I'm not good at golf, I never got good. I never got a hole-in-one. But I did hit a guy. And that's way more satisfying. You're supposed to yell "Fore!" but I was too busying mumbling "There ain't no way that's gonna hit him."


When you're in Hollywood and you're a comedian, everybody wants you to do other things besides comedy. They say "All right you're a stand up comedian, can you act? Can you write? Write us a script." They want me to do things that's related to comedy, but it's not comedy. That's not fair. It's as though if I was a cook, and I worked my ass off to become a good cook, and they said "All right you're a cook... can you farm?"


I was at a casino, I was standing by the door, and the security guard came over and he said "You're gonna have to move. You're blocking the fire exit," as if though there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammable and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.


I played in a death metal band. People either loved us or they hated us... or they thought we were OK.


Whenever I walk, people try to hand me out flyers. And when people try to hand me out a flyer, it's kind of like they're saying "Here, YOU throw this away."


A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef!


I read last year that MTV's Real World got 40,000 applications. That's amazing, man... such an even number.


That would suck if a drink was ice cold... because then it would be impossible to drink.


I wear glasses. I stopped wearing 'em... because when you wear glasses and you talk to someone, you always think they're outside of a window.


I got a door deal here, I'm working for 50% of the door and then tomorrow I'm working for 50% of the door and then on Sunday... I'm gonna have a door.


I saw a lady on TV, she was born without arms. Literally. She was born with her hands attached to her shoulders. And that was sad. But then they said "Lola does not know the meaning of the word "can't." And that to me was actually kind of worse, in a way. Not only does she not have arms, but she doesn't understand simple contractions.


If you're a fish, and you want to become a fish stick, you have to have very good posture.


I wear a necklace now... because I like to know when I'm upside down.


If I was a headless horseman's horse, I would fuck with that dude. "Yeah, we're going that way. We're not headed toward the hay."


In Venice, Italy, they don't have streets, they have canals. So in Venice, Italy, we have to keep the kids off the canals.


I would imagine if you could understand morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy.


I type 101 words a minute, but it's in my own language.


I put fruit on top of my waffles... because I want something to brush off.


I perform at the colleges and I always buy the shirt from the college because they're quality shirts and they're colorful. But people get the wrong idea, you know? I walk around with a Washington University shirt on and someone goes "Hey, Washington U, did you go there?" "Yeah... it was a Wednesday."


I had a bag of Fritos. They were Texas Grilled Fritos. These Fritos had grill marks on them. Hell yeah! Reminds me of summer... when we used to fire up the barbecue... and throw down some Fritos.


Last time I called "shotgun," we had rented a limo... so I fucked up.


One time I went to a craft fair, and I see a jar of jellybeans, it said "Guess how many jellybeans are in the jar, and you win a prize." Aw, come on, man. Let me just have some. I'll tell you what, you guess how many I want, if you said "a handful" you are right.


I smoke cigars occasionally. I don't know a lot about cigars. Like, I'm at the cigar store, the man behind the counter says "What kind of cigars do you like?" "Uhh... Itsaboys."


I did a radio interview. The DJs first question was "Who are you?" I had to think, "Is this guy really deep or did I drive to the wrong station?"


One time I was supposed to be on David Letterman, and it was the same time that Madonna was on, and Madonna went long, so I got bumped. But I got to eat cantaloupe backstage so it was still cool.


I don't know how to fix a car. If my car breaks down and the gas tank does not say "E", I'm fucked... But if the gas tank says "E" I get all cocky. "I got this one, don't worry about it."


I'm selling T-shirts after the show. They don't have my name on 'em, they're just Hanes 3-packs.


I like the Fed Ex driver because he's a drug dealer and he don't even know it.


Hey, you know what keeps me from acting? Fuckin'... auditions.


I got my hair highlighted... because I thought some strands were more important than others.


You know there's a fishing show on TV? They catch the fish, but they let it go. They don't want to eat the fish, but they do want to make it late for something.


I walked by a dry cleaner at 3am, the sign said "Sorry we're closed." You don't have to be sorry; it's 3am and you're a dry cleaner. It would be ridiculous for me to expect you to be open. I'm not gonna walk in at 10am and say "Hey, I walked by at 3, you guys were closed. Somebody owes me an apology."


I'm an ice sculptor. Last night I made a cube.


I got New Balance shoes on, but they're old... so I might start falling.


I like when they say shampoo is volumizing... because my hair is fuckin' quiet.


I wish they made fajita cologne... because that shit smells good.


I collect stamps. The easiest way to collect stamps... is to not mail shit.


Sometimes when you're too drunk on stage, people get mad, they say "Can I get my money back?" That would be funny if people could get their money back for other shit when I was really drunk. Like, "I saw Mitch Hedberg. He was drunk... and I want to return this saw."


Anybody here watch ESPN Classic? I saw a baseball game on there. The guy hit a foul ball. Fuckin' classic, man.


I'm sick of Soup of the Day! It's time we make a decision. I want to know what the fuck soup from now on is.


There's many billboards, they have the lotto jackpot, it says "Estimated lotto jackpot $55 million." See, I didn't know that shit was estimated. That would suck if you won and they go "Oh, we were off by two zeroes. We estimate that you are angry."


I wish all my clothes were made out of blankets. That way, if I fall asleep with my clothes on, fuckin' A, I'm tucked in.


I got a jump rope. That thing's just a rope, man. You gotta make the jump thing happen.


I put Carmex on a cold sore. Because Carmex is supposed to alleviate cold sores. I don't know if it does help, but it will make them shiny and more noticeable.


I would imagine the inside of a bottle of cleaning fluid... is fuckin' clean.


They say Flintstones vitamins are chewable. All vitamins are chewable... it's just they taste shitty.


People say "Mitch, why'd you get into comedy? Were you funny?" "No, I was just good at holding ice cream cones."


I tried to walk into Target... but I missed.


On a traffic light, green means go and yellow means yield. But on a banana, it's just the opposite. Green means "hold on" and yellow means "go ahead." And red means "where the fuck did you get that banana?"


My hotel doesn't have a 13th floor because of superstition. But, c'mon man, people on the 14th floor, you know what floor you're really on.


I bought a $7 pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring.


I bought a donut and they gave me a receipt for the donut. I don't need a receipt for the donut, man. I'll just give you the money, then you give me the donut. End of transaction. We don't need to bring ink and paper into this. I just can't imagine a scenario where I'd have to prove that I bought a donut...


I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicting to gambling... I'm addicting to sitting in a semicircle.


I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.


I think Pizza Hut is the cockiest pizza chain on the planet, because Pizza Hut will accept all competitor's coupons. That makes me wish I had my own pizza place. "Mitch's pizzeria. This week's coupon: unlimited free pizza."


I never had a piggy bank, but one time I had some bacon and it tasted an awful lot like change.


Every McDonald's commercial ends the same way, right? McDonald's commercials end like this: "prices and participation may vary." I want to open a McDonald's and not participate in anything. I want to be a stubborn McDonald's owner. I'll say "Cheeseburgers? Nope... we got spaghetti!"


I like when they say that a movie was "inspired by a true story" because that's weird. It means the movie is not true, it was just inspired by a true story. "Hey Mitch, did you hear that story about that lady who drove her children into the river and they all drown?" "Yes I did. And that inspired me to write a movie about a gorilla."


You know when it comes to racism, people say "I don't care if they're black, white, purple or green." Oh, hold on now. Purple or green? You gotta draw the line somewhere. To hell with purple people.


My lucky number is four billion. That doesn't come in real handy when you're gambling. "Come on, four billion. Fuck. Seven. Not even close."


I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. It's like, "Dude, you have to wait."


I would like to go fishing and catch a fish stick. That would be convenient.


This jacket is dry clean only... which means it's dirty.


I bought a house. It's a two bedroom house. But I think it's up to me how many bedrooms there are, don't you?


I saw on HBO they were advertising this boxing match, it said "It's a fight to the finish"... that's a good place to end.


I got an ant farm. Them fellas didn't grow shit!


Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy... all day.


I opened up a yogurt, it said "Please try again" because they were having a contest I was unaware of. But I thought I might have opened the yogurt wrong.


I haven't slept for 10 days... because that would be too long.


I can read minds. But it's pointless because I'm illiterate.


39.. I think Big Foot is blurry, that's the problem.


I was gonna have my teeth whitened, but then I said, "Fuck that, I'll just get a tan instead."


I was going to get a candy bar, the button I was supposed to push was HH. So I went to the side, I found the H button, I pushed it twice. Fuckin' potato chips came out, man, because they had an HH button. For christ's sakes, you need to let me know.


I like Kit Kats... unless I'm with four or more people.


If you're watching a parade, make sure you stand in one spot. Don't follow it. It never changes. And if the parade is boring, run in the opposite direction. You will fast forward the parade.


I bought myself a parrot, the parrot talked, but it did not say "I'm hungry"... so it died.


I can't tell you what hotel I'm saying at, but there are two trees involved.


I got some tartar control toothpaste. I still got tartar, but that shit's under control.


I don't have a microwave oven, but I do have a clock that occasionally cooks shit.


I got a king size bed. I don't know any kings, but if one came over, I guess he would be comfortable.


I like refried beans. That's why I want to try fried beans. Because maybe they're just as good and weren't wasting time.


I think Pringles' initial intention was to make tennis balls. But on the day that the rubber was supposed to show up, a big truck load of potatoes arrived. And Pringles is a laid back company, they said, "Fuck it, cut 'em up."


Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus... or a really cool opotamus?


My apartment is infested with koala bars. It's the cutest infestation ever. Way better than cockroaches. When I turn on the light, a bunch of koala bears scatter. And I don't want 'em to. I'm like, "Hey, hold on fellas. Let me hold one of you."


This is what my friend said to me, he said "I think the weather's trippy." And I said "No, man. It's not the weather that's trippy. Perhaps it is the way that we perceive it that is indeed trippy." Then I thought, "Man, I should have just said... 'Yeah.'"


This one commercial said "Forget everything you know about slip covers," so I did. And it was a load off my mind. Then the commercial tried to sell slip covers, but I didn't know what the fuck they were.


Dr. Scholl makes foot products, right? And he's a doctor, which means he went to school for a long time. But it doesn't take a lot to figure out that stepping on a cushion would be more comfortable. That fucker wasted lots of time at school. 'Cause I would have bought that shit from a Mr. Scholl.


Mr. Pibb is the replica of Dr Pepper. But it's the bullshit replica because dude didn't even get his degree!


I like rice. Rice is great if you want to eat 2,000 of something.


You know when you go to a restaurant on the weekends, it's busy, so they start a waiting list? They start calling out names, they say "Dufrane, party of two. Table ready for Dufrane, party of two." And if no one answers, they'll say their name again. "Dufrane, party of two." But then if no one answers they'll just go right on to the next name. "Bush, party of three." Yeah, but what happened to the Dufranes? No one seems to care. Who can eat at a time like this? People are missing. You people are selfish. The Dufranes are in someone's trunk right now, with duct tape over their mouths. And they're hungry - that's a double whammy. We need help. "Bush, SEARCH party of three! You can eat once you find the Dufranes."


I wrote a script and I gave it to a guy who reads scripts. And he read it and he said he really likes it, but he thinks I need to re-write it. I said "Fuck that, I'll just make a copy."


I want to hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations I've traveled to, but first I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map, so it won't fall down.


I write jokes for a living, man. See I sit in my hotel at night, I think of something that's funny and then I go get a pen and I write it down. Or if the pen's too far away, I have to convince myself that what I thought of ain't funny.


I have no problem not listening to The Temptations, which is weird.


I hate dreaming. Because when you wanna sleep, you wanna sleep. Dreaming is work, you know? Like, there I am, laying in my comfortable bed in my hotel room. It's beautiful. Next thing you know, I have to build a go-kart with my ex landlord.


I order the club sandwich all the time. And I'm not even a member, man. I don't know how I get away with it.


You know, I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just gonna ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later.


One time a guy handed me a picture, he said "Here's a picture of me when I was younger." Every picture of you is when you were younger.


I don't have a girlfriend. I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.


I used to be a hot tar roofer. Yeah, I remember that... day.


I had a paper route when I was a kid. I was a paperboy. I was supposed to go to 2,000 houses... or two dumpsters.


I find that a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced over whether or not I have bread.


In England, Smokey the Bear is not the forest fire prevention representative. They have Smacky the Frog. It's a lot like a bear, but it's a frog. I think that's a better system. I think we should adopt it. Because bears can be mean, but frogs are always cool. Never has there been a frog hopping toward me, and I thought "Man, I'd better play dead. Here comes that frog." I would never say "Here comes that frog" in a horrifying manner. It's always, like, optimistic. Like, "Hey, here comes that frog, all right. Maybe he will settle near me and I can pet him, and put him in a mayonnaise jar, with a stick and a leaf, to recreate what he's used to."


I had one anchovy. That's why I didn't have two anchovies.


My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, but I said "No... but I want a regular banana later, so yeah."


I like escalators, because an escalator can never break; it can only become stairs. There would never be an "Escalator Temporarily Out of Order" sign. Only an "Escalator Temporarily Stairs... Sorry for the Convenience."


My belt holds up my pants and my pants have belt loops that hold up the belt. What the fuck's really going on down there? Who is the real hero?


Every book is a children's book if the kid can read.


I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too.